LAMMPS-GUI enhancements (#4546)
lammps/lammps: doc/src/Howto_lammps_gui.rst

Installing Pre-compiled LAMMPS-GUI Packages
-------------------------------------------

LAMMPS-GUI is available for download as pre-compiled binary packages for

> Linux x86\_64, macOS 11 and later, and Windows 10 and later from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux x86\_64, macOS (version 11 and later), and Windows (version 10 and later) from the
```

`LAMMPS release pages on GitHub <https://github.com/lammps/lammps/releases/>`_.
A backup download location is at https://download.lammps.org/static/

> Alternately, LAMMPS-GUI can be compiled from source when building LAMMPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, LAMMPS-GUI can be compiled from source when building LAMMPS.
```

Author: Alternately is valid and in my experience more commonly used for this kind of statement. At least in the US.
See: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/alternately#English and https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/alternatively

Reviewer: I am fine with both. Its just that from the definition I saw on google (https://www.grammar.com/alternately_vs._alternatively), alternatively seemed more appropriate here:

> Alternately means several things taken in turn, consecutively, one after another. (...) Alternatively means another choice, on the other hand, another possibility.

window width (left) and order (right) parameters can be set in the boxes
next to the drop down menu.  Default settings are 10 and 4 which means
that the smoothing window includes 10 points each to the left and the
right of the current data point for a total of 21 points and a fourth
order polynomial is fitted to the data in the window.

> With the "Title:" and "Y:" boxes you can edit the text shown as the plot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Title:" and "Y:" input boxes allow you to edit the plot
```

> title and the y-axis label, respectively.  The "Title:" text is applied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title and y-axis label, respectively.   The text entered in "Title:" is applied
```

> to *all* charts, while the "Y:" text is applied *only* to the y-axis of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to *all* charts, while the text in "Y:" affects only the y-axis of
```

output fields or timestep setting, while the export from the log will
contain *all* YAML output but *segmented* into individual runs.

> The *Preferences* dialog has a *Charts* tab that allows to set multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Preferences* dialog has a *Charts*, where you can configure multiple
```

> chart related settings, like the default title, colors for the raw and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chart-related settings, like the default title, colors for the raw and
```

The *Tutorials* menu is to support the set of LAMMPS tutorials for
beginners and intermediate LAMMPS users documented in (:ref:`Gravelle1
<Gravelle1>`).  From the drop down menu you can select which of the

> eight currently available tutorial sessions you want to start and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eight currently available tutorial sessions to begin. 
```

> will be taken to a 'wizard' dialog where you can choose in which folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open a 'wizard' dialog where you can choose in which folder
```
